Generator: Create new team definition of done (#120)
AlaskaAirlines/WC-Generator: docs/definitionOfdone.md

# Definition of done

The scope of this document is to clearly communicate the Auro team's definition of done.

> Definition of Done: is a formal description of the state of the Increment when it meets the quality measures required for the product. The moment a Product Backlog item meets the Definition of Done, an Increment is born. The Definition of Done creates transparency by providing everyone a shared understanding of what work was completed as part of the Increment. If a Product Backlog item does not meet the Definition of Done, it cannot be released or even presented at the Sprint Review.

[-- Scrum.org: Scrum Glossary](https://www.scrum.org/resources/scrum-glossary)

## Team definition of done

The following items are to be considered the Auro team's agreed upon definition of done with optional exceptions based on scope of story.

> 1. **Code is complete:** The work submitted by the author is to be considered complete and there are no remaining items to be added to the scope of this update.

Author: Should we include in here the need for an issue prior to working on and submitting a PR? And should that be a pre-commit question?

> # Definition of done

Reviewer: How are you seeing this document implemented? Are these new status points that need to get checked off on all tickets (where they apply)? Is it just something for reference should a question about our scope of work come up?

Author: That is a great question. I'd love for this to be something that is not easily ignored. Maybe something like this
https://victoria.dev/blog/an-automatic-interactive-pre-commit-checklist-in-the-style-of-infomercials/

Author: See https://github.com/AlaskaAirlines/WC-Generator/pull/120/commits/a9ef123ca04118b972139891dcfe4837a2f583cf

The scope of this document is to clearly communicate the Auro team's definition of done.

> Definition of Done: is a formal description of the state of the Increment when it meets the quality measures required for the product. The moment a Product Backlog item meets the Definition of Done, an Increment is born. The Definition of Done creates transparency by providing everyone a shared understanding of what work was completed as part of the Increment. If a Product Backlog item does not meet the Definition of Done, it cannot be released or even presented at the Sprint Review.

[-- Scrum.org: Scrum Glossary](https://www.scrum.org/resources/scrum-glossary)

## Team definition of done

The following items are to be considered the Auro team's agreed upon definition of done with optional exceptions based on scope of story. 

1. **Code is complete:** The work submitted by the author is to be considered complete and there are no remaining items to be added to the scope of this update. 
1. **Documentation is complete:** Per the scope of the update, one or more of the options may apply.
  - Feature is defined using JSDoc syntax. 

>   - The demo has been updated to reflect the feature update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The demo and example projects (as needed) have been updated to reflect the feature update.
```

  - Feature or API information has been documented.
  - The commit comments represents the scope of the update and references the issue number.
1. **Design review completed:** If required, the update has been reviewed by design to ensure compliance with expectations.
1. **Browser review:** The update has been reviewed in all major browsers to include; 
  - Safari (desktop / iOS)
  - Chrome
  - Firefox

>   - Edge

Reviewer: Rather than list browsers here, how about we just point to our existing page that details what browsers we support and say we expect a review against everything documented there?

http://auro.alaskaair.com/support/browsersSupport
